If you dare a man to offend the Dragon Commander, take them all
Yes
The general is coming late
Please forgive Long Shuai
Please also ask Long Shuai to suffer
You are really Captain Dragon Pig
Don't be deceived by him
This dragon shadow is fake, that's right.
We've met before.
Unbridled look at Lord Dragon Shadow, I have seen this group can be fake
How is this possible?
Suddenly, this trash turned out to be Long Shuai
Haven't I done it?
He is really Long Shuai
It's true, Lord Dong Yong
Zheng Beijing has not withdrawn
We can meet a living fairy today
You just hit me 80.
Lord Long Shuai, the villain deserves to die
It is said that Lord Long Shuai only needs the life of the villain
It's late, it's miserable now.
Come on, these royal girls
The military treatment of Longting Prison is
No, no.
Please save me, Lord Longyue
Lord Longyu
As for the explanation, the commoners do not belong to the teacher director
The Northern Army has no jurisdiction
I'll handle it myself, you go back first, as ordered
Second master
Brother Bing, of course I ran away
Is there anything else to do?
No problem.
You can't be untrustworthy.
As you said, if you are dumped everywhere, you will learn to bark like a dog
Just don't count
We can all testify
How about learning to bark?